README.rst, before:

kmstool
=======

Tool for using AWS KMS data keys to encrypt and decrypt larger files.
Input and Output file can be local or s3 file paths. If you were using
this tool before May 2016, this was pre tag/release. That version is
still available at v1.0.0.

Install
=======

kmstool is now able to be installed via pip. Download the latest release
package and pip install it:

``pip install ~/Downloads/kmstool-1.3.2.tar.gz``

Usage
=====

For encrypting must have Key-Id Tool will only decrypt things that it
has encrypted.

encrypt:

::

    kmstool.py -e --file myfiles.tar --output this.tar.enc --key_id <KMS Key-ID>
    kmstool.py -e --file myfiles.tar --output s3://mybucket/my/key/path/this.tar.enc --key_id <KMS Key-ID>
    kmstool.py -e --file s3://bucket/myfiles.tar --output s3://encrypted_bucket/this.tar.enc --key_id <KMS Key-ID>

decrypt:

::

    kmstool.py -d --file this.tar.enc --output myfiles.tar
    kmstool.py -d --file s3://mybucket/my/key/path/this.tar.enc --output myfiles.tar
    kmstool.py -d --file s3://encrypted_bucket/my/key/path/this.tar.enc --output s3://mybucket/myfiles.tar

help:

::

    Usage: kmstool [options] 
    You must specify to encrypt or decrypt.
    Output will always output a tar file.

    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -e, --encrypt         This encrypts the file
      -d, --decrypt         This decrypts the file
      -f FILE, --file=FILE  File to encrypt or decrypt
      -o OUTPUT, --output=OUTPUT
                            Path to output file
      -k KEY_ID, --key_id=KEY_ID
                            KMS Key-id
      -s KEY_SPEC, --key_spec=KEY_SPEC
                            KMS KeySpec
      -p PROFILE, --profile=PROFILE
                            AWS Profile
      -r REGION, --region=REGION
                            Region
      -t TEMP, --temp=TEMP  Temp work dir, optional

Commit message:

Make encrypt and decrypt more flexible (#9)
* added options for decrypting to memory or stdout

* allowed any object supporting read and write to be used for encryption and decryption

* fixed some inconsistent variables

* added additional comments

* updated README

* made some adjustments for py3 compatibility

* increased version number and added six to setup dependencies

* improved temp dir creation

* checked for strings when reading from source objects

* resolved issues causing tests to fail with py3

* updated READMEs

README.rst, after:

kmstool
=======

Tool for using AWS KMS data keys to encrypt and decrypt larger files.
Input and Output file can be local or s3 file paths. If you were using
this tool before May 2016, this was pre tag/release. That version is
still available at v1.0.0.

Install
=======

kmstool is now able to be installed via pip. Download the latest release
package and pip install it:

``pip install ~/Downloads/kmstool-1.3.2.tar.gz``

Usage
=====

For encrypting must have Key-Id Tool will only decrypt things that it
has encrypted. Data can be piped to kmstool and input file omitted when
encrypting. Omitting output file when decrypting with cause the
decrypted data to be written to stdout. Encrypt operations with no
output will write the result to stdout as base64 encoded data. Base64
encoded data can be piped from stdin for decrypt operations with no
input file specified.

encrypt:

::

    kmstool.py -e --file myfiles.tar --output this.tar.enc --key_id <KMS Key-ID>
    kmstool.py -e --file myfiles.tar --output s3://mybucket/my/key/path/this.tar.enc --key_id <KMS Key-ID>
    kmstool.py -e --file s3://bucket/myfiles.tar --output s3://encrypted_bucket/this.tar.enc --key_id <KMS Key-ID>
    echo 'password' | kmstool.py -e --output this.tar.enc --key_id <KMS Key-ID>

decrypt:

::

    kmstool.py -d --file this.tar.enc --output myfiles.tar
    kmstool.py -d --file s3://mybucket/my/key/path/this.tar.enc --output myfiles.tar
    kmstool.py -d --file s3://encrypted_bucket/my/key/path/this.tar.enc --output s3://mybucket/myfiles.tar
    kmstool.py -d --file s3://encrypted_bucket/my/key/path/this.tar.enc

help:

::

    Usage: kmstool [options] 
    You must specify to encrypt or decrypt.
    Output will always output a tar file.

    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -e, --encrypt         This encrypts the file
      -d, --decrypt         This decrypts the file
      -f FILE, --file=FILE  File to encrypt or decrypt
      -o OUTPUT, --output=OUTPUT
                            Path to output file
      -k KEY_ID, --key_id=KEY_ID
                            KMS Key-id
      -s KEY_SPEC, --key_spec=KEY_SPEC
                            KMS KeySpec
      -p PROFILE, --profile=PROFILE
                            AWS Profile
      -r REGION, --region=REGION
                            Region
      -t TEMP, --temp=TEMP  Temp work dir, optional
